Run Prometheus exporter inside IC Binary (#504)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/installation.md

## Support For Prometheus Monitoring

You can expose NGINX or NGINX Plus metrics for collection by [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/):

> 1. Run the Ingress controller with the `-enable-prometheus-metrics` [command-line argument](cli-arguments.md). As a result, the Ingress Controller will expose NGINX or NGINX Plus metrics in the Prometheus format via the path `/metrics` on port `9113` (customizable via the `-prometheus-metrics-listen-port` command-line argument).

Reviewer: Please add an additional step (2):

1. Add the Prometheus port to the list of the ports of the Ingress Controller container:
```
        - name: prometheus
          containerPort: 9113
```

> 2. Make the Prometheus aware of the Ingress Controller targets by adding the following annotations to the template of the Ingress Controller pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make the Prometheus aware of the Ingress Controller targets by adding the following annotations to the template of the Ingress Controller pod (note: this assumes your Prometheus is configured to discover targets by analyzing the annotations of pods):
```
